USERS POLICY
An user is always created by an administrator by firstName, LastName and fiscalCode.
Then the user on access can change his username and password.


ORDERS UPDATING POLICY

What's appropriate to be updated on an order?
On creation are setted these fields:
creator_id ( an user, administrator only?  ), code ( identity on database ), date ( automatic on current date but editable on creation ), 
customer, machinary model ( datalist ), jobtype ( datalist ), completionState( InCorso default on creation ), notes, closingReason.

creator_id ? no, it doesn't make any sense.

Date ? no, creation date is important, think about there are related tasks the will have a date preceding the order !

Customer? It could, but about machinary models it has been thougth to relates them to the customer to populate the datalist on creation. this means
          that after update it culd be a machinary model in the record not belonging to customer. 
          Say editable and it is better to discard the idea of implementing a relation beteween machinary models and customer.
  
Machinary model? Yes, different kinds of situations can happen, fo example if I want to add another machinary to the order becouse I'm 
                 working to both instructions manuals at the same time.

Job type ? It'is the same think of machinary model, this field can chenge during the task execution.

Completion state? 
Because of Paolo wants that completion state must be manged automatically in this way:
on order creation -> 'In Corso', on order delivery -> 'Evaso'
On delivery note creation, related to the choosen customer , pending ('In corso' ) orders must be suggested, so 
susequent two cases must be faced:
1) Setting as 'In corso' an order that has been delivered -> not possible 
2) Setting as 'Evaso' an order not delivered : this case is contemplated by Paolo, so what can be done is
    2.1) There'll be a field describing the completion state description that in case of 'Evaso' it could be of two types:
        2.1.1) 'Evaso in date gg-mm-aaaa' -> without delivery notes;
        2.1.2) 'Evaso in date gg-mm-aaaa' with document number of .... ->
     So when a delivery note / immediate invoice is on creation on deletong a suggested row the user must confirm the completion state of the order
     he can set it as 'Evaso' ( so it'll be 2.1.1) or ?in corso';
     For rows not deleted relate orders will be set automatically 2.1.2;

notes? yes.

   
DELIVERY NOTES AND INVOICES ISSUES


Il giorno 30/gen/2018, alle ore 21:52, francodalessio@libero.it ha scritto:

Ciao Paolo potresti rispondere alle seguenti domande:

1) E' previsto che un ddt sia fatturato parzialmente, e quindi in più volte? SI

2) E' previsto che ci siano voci ( righe ) di ddt che non saranno mai richiamate in fattura? SI ci possono essere anche dei DDT che nonvengono fatturati come ad esempio DDT di reso visione ecc..

Inoltre volevo chiederti se i seguenti campi dei ddt devono essere mantenuti:

rif. Vs ordine;
data inizio trasporto;
porto.

SI Tutti e tre ci devono essere
Se possibile magari ne parliamo a voce...

Quando vuoi chiamarmi chiamami.

Saluti Franco.


23/02/2018
Per la questione degli input assistiti e dei filtri si decide di fare in questo modo:
ad esempio per i tipi lavoro ci sarà una tabella con tutti i tipi lavoro senza relazioni con nessuna altra tabella
nei dettagli ordine in corrispondenza del tipo lavoro ci sarà una select con un campo di input associato, quindi una datalist 
avente questo behaviour:
on each digit in the input a JSfunction has called, this function reduces select options and if the user go away from the input without selecting 
it suggest the first customer in the list, this by evaluating the value and if it does not corresponds to any value in the list it takes the first.
In filters it must be different since I cuold need to filter all orders having as jotype a jobtype containing a certain word e.g. "Manuale".